README.md, before:

# ahs

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/mvisonneau/ahs?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/mvisonneau/ahs)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/mvisonneau/ahs)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/mvisonneau/ahs)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/mvisonneau/ahs.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/mvisonneau/ahs/)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mvisonneau/ahs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mvisonneau/ahs)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mvisonneau/ahs/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mvisonneau/ahs?branch=master)

This projects aims to ease the configuration of AWS EC2 instances hostname.
In particular when they are launched as part of ASGs or fleets.

## TL;DR

```
~$ wget https://github.com/mvisonneau/ahs/releases/download/0.0.2/ahs_linux_amd64 -O /usr/local/bin/ahs; chmod +x /usr/local/bin/ahs
~$ ahs run
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Found instance-id : 'i-07263d49fca824ba5'
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Found AZ: 'eu-west-1a'
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Computed region : 'eu-west-1'
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Querying Input Tag 'Name' from EC2 API
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Found instance name tag : 'myhostname'
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Computed unique hostname : 'myhostname-07263'
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Setting instance hostname locally
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Setting hostname on configured instance tag 'Name'
```

## Usage

```
~$ ahs
NAME:
   ahs - Set the hostname of an EC2 instance based on a tag value and the instance-id

USAGE:
   ahs [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]

COMMANDS:
     run      replace the hostname with found/computed values
     help, h  Shows a list of commands or help for one command

GLOBAL OPTIONS:
   --dry-run           only display what would have been done [$AHS_DRY_RUN]
   --id-length value   length of the id to keep in the hostname (default: 5) [$AHS_ID_LENGTH]
   --input-tag value   tag to use as input to determine the hostname (default: "Name") [$AHS_TAG_NAME_INPUT]
   --log-level value   log level (debug,info,warn,fatal,panic) (default: "info") [$AHS_LOG_LEVEL]
   --log-format value  log format (json,text) (default: "text") [$AHS_LOG_FORMAT]
   --output-tag value  tag to update with the computed hostname (default: "Name") [$AHS_TAG_NAME_OUTPUT]
   --separator value   separator to use between tag and id (default: "-") [$AHS_SEPARATOR]
   --help, -h          show help
   --version, -v       print the version
```

## Develop

If you have docker locally, you can use the following command in order to quickly get a development env ready: `make dev-env`. You can also have a look onto the [Makefile](/Makefile) in order to see all available options:

```
~$ make
all                            Test, builds and ship package for all supported platforms
build                          Build the binary
clean                          Remove binary if it exists
coverage                       Generates coverage report
deps                           Fetch all dependencies
dev-env                        Build a local development environment using Docker
fmt                            Format source code
help                           Displays this help
imports                        Fixes the syntax (linting) of the codebase
install                        Build and install locally the binary (dev purpose)
lint                           Run golint and go vet against the codebase
publish-github                 Publish the compiled binaries onto the GitHub release API
publish-goveralls              Publish coverage stats on goveralls
setup                          Install required libraries/tools
test                           Run the tests against the codebase
```

## Contribute

Contributions are more than welcome! Feel free to submit a [PR](https://github.com/mvisonneau/ahs/pulls).

Commit message:

Fixed the Dockerized version and updated doc

README.md, after:

# ahs

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/mvisonneau/ahs?status.svg)](https://godoc.org/github.com/mvisonneau/ahs)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/mvisonneau/ahs)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/mvisonneau/ahs)
[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/mvisonneau/ahs.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/mvisonneau/ahs/)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/mvisonneau/ahs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/mvisonneau/ahs)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/mvisonneau/ahs/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/mvisonneau/ahs?branch=master)

This projects aims to ease the configuration of AWS EC2 instances hostname.
In particular when they are launched as part of ASGs or fleets.

## TL;DR

```
~$ wget https://github.com/mvisonneau/ahs/releases/download/0.0.2/ahs_linux_amd64 -O /usr/local/bin/ahs; chmod +x /usr/local/bin/ahs
~$ ahs run
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Found instance-id : 'i-07263d49fca824ba5'
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Found AZ: 'eu-west-1a'
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Computed region : 'eu-west-1'
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Querying Input Tag 'Name' from EC2 API
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Found instance name tag : 'myhostname'
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Computed unique hostname : 'myhostname-07263'
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Setting instance hostname locally
INFO[2018-06-13T21:58:12Z] Setting hostname on configured instance tag 'Name'
```

You can also use a *Dockerized version* if you prefer :

```
~$ docker run -it --rm --privileged mvisonneau/ahs run
```

## Usage

```
~$ ahs
NAME:
   ahs - Set the hostname of an EC2 instance based on a tag value and the instance-id

USAGE:
   ahs [global options] command [command options] [arguments...]

COMMANDS:
     run      replace the hostname with found/computed values
     help, h  Shows a list of commands or help for one command

GLOBAL OPTIONS:
   --dry-run           only display what would have been done [$AHS_DRY_RUN]
   --id-length value   length of the id to keep in the hostname (default: 5) [$AHS_ID_LENGTH]
   --input-tag value   tag to use as input to determine the hostname (default: "Name") [$AHS_TAG_NAME_INPUT]
   --log-level value   log level (debug,info,warn,fatal,panic) (default: "info") [$AHS_LOG_LEVEL]
   --log-format value  log format (json,text) (default: "text") [$AHS_LOG_FORMAT]
   --output-tag value  tag to update with the computed hostname (default: "Name") [$AHS_TAG_NAME_OUTPUT]
   --separator value   separator to use between tag and id (default: "-") [$AHS_SEPARATOR]
   --help, -h          show help
   --version, -v       print the version
```

## Develop

If you have docker locally, you can use the following command in order to quickly get a development env ready: `make dev-env`. You can also have a look onto the [Makefile](/Makefile) in order to see all available options:

```
~$ make
all                            Test, builds and ship package for all supported platforms
build                          Build the binary
clean                          Remove binary if it exists
coverage                       Generates coverage report
deps                           Fetch all dependencies
dev-env                        Build a local development environment using Docker
fmt                            Format source code
help                           Displays this help
imports                        Fixes the syntax (linting) of the codebase
install                        Build and install locally the binary (dev purpose)
lint                           Run golint and go vet against the codebase
publish-github                 Publish the compiled binaries onto the GitHub release API
publish-goveralls              Publish coverage stats on goveralls
setup                          Install required libraries/tools
test                           Run the tests against the codebase
```

## Contribute

Contributions are more than welcome! Feel free to submit a [PR](https://github.com/mvisonneau/ahs/pulls).
